React Router: Add React Router Testing section (#30085)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/the_react_ecosystem/react_router.md

You will often come across the need to reroute the user to a different URL programmatically. This is where we use [the `<Navigate />`component](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/components/navigate). The `<Navigate />` component reroutes the user to the desired URL when it is rendered. It is a wrapper around [the useNavigate hook](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/hooks/use-navigate) that lets you navigate programmatically, to URLs, or even go back down the user's history.

### React Router testing

When testing components that use React Router, it’s important to remember that your app never renders those components directly. Instead, it renders them through a router (for example, via `<RouterProvider>`). Because of this, tests that render these components also need to render them inside a routing context - otherwise hooks like `useNavigate` or `useParams`, or a `<Link>` component, will throw errors.

> The solution is to provide that routing context in your tests. If you’re just rendering a component that happens to include a `<Link>` (and you’re not relying on other router features), wrapping it in a lightweight [MemoryRouter](https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/api/MemoryRouter) is enough. But if the component depends on **router behavior** - like being rendered via an `<Outlet>`, matching params, error elements, or redirects - use [createMemoryRouter](https://reactrouter.com/6.30.1/routers/create-memory-router) with `<RouterProvider>`. `createMemoryRouter` also lets you reuse the same route configuration from `routes.jsx`, just like you did with `createBrowserRouter` in your app.

Reviewer: Just some suggested tweaks, not married to the wording. Let me know what you think.
- Removed first sentence since it essentially repeats the last sentence of the previous para.
- Wording is less that it's strictly about `<Link>` and that it's just an example of a situation. Also saying "may be enough" because depending on the exact test, maybe it's not. Better to not say absolutes for this.
- Being rendered via an outlet isn't automatic context for needing a RouterProvider, since it may not use any RR stuff otherwise, so in such a case it may be fine to just render straight up. Tweaked the examples here a bit.
- Merged last sentences for subjective flow.

```suggestion
If you’re just rendering a component that happens to include something like a `<Link>` (and you’re not testing navigation or relying on other router features), wrapping it in a lightweight [MemoryRouter](https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/api/MemoryRouter) may be enough. But if the component depends on **router behavior**, like using outlet context, matching params, error elements, or redirects, it would make more sense to render a `<RouterProvider>` like your app does. Since your tests don't run in a browser, you can use [createMemoryRouter](https://reactrouter.com/6.30.1/routers/create-memory-router) to create a routers in your tests with the same route configuration from `routes.jsx`.
```

Author: These seem like good tweaks, especially merging and slightly modifying that last sentence - really like it better that way.
